I. Free To Earn

Users can earn money through these activities:
1. Free Nano NFT Sneakers
Nano NFT Sneakers are free NFT items that allow any user to experience Runnow.io, including NFT Nani funded by NFT Partnership Program.
2. Free Event
To attract more users to experience Run Now, the system will bring events that allow users who own Nano NFT Sneakers to participate and receive valuable rewards.
3. Free Quest
The task system of Runnow.io will also have its own tasks for free users. Specifically, the "Beginner Quest" series helps all players get acquainted with the game modes and features of Runnow.io.

II. Move to Earn - Solo Mode

Workout Mode
Users are equipped with Sneakers/ Bicycle/ Swimwear NFT to earn Tokens by running/ cycling/ swimming. Energy is required to earn RUNGEM Tokens. Every 1 Energy is equivalent to 1 minute of movement. To get started, the user selects the sport, the included NFT gear, and presses Start. Always make sure you have Energy before you move, as no money will be earned if you don’t have Energy.
All information during practice will be displayed in detail on the screen.
Runnow Freezing
This will be displayed if the Application detects:
Seeing a weak GPS/ Internet signal
The User does not move spontaneously (i.e., using an e-scooter or strapping a phone on their dog).
No RUNGEM will be earned during Runnow Freezing.
GPS Signal
Red - No GPS;
Yellow - Poor GPS; 
Green - Strong GPS.
Indoor Mode
Before joining Workout mode, users can choose Inddor Mode or Outdoor Mode to suit their needs.
When choosing Indoor Mode, users can run locally on the exercise machine and not be affected by GPS. However, the reward earned from this mode will be 10% lower than Outdoor Mode.

III. Play to Earn

3.1. Mara Runnow
1. Weekly Marathon - (1.2 km / 2.0km /  3.2km / and 3.4km)
Every Saturday, The Marathon will start every 30 minutes. There are 4 distances for users to participate: 1.2km, 2km, 3.2km, and 3.4km.
The number of people participating in a marathon is 100 people; there is no limit to the number of marathons in 30 minutes.
To participate in Mara Runnow, users must own at least 1 NFT Sneaker: Nano, Mini, Common, Rare, Epic or Legendary.
Racers will choose the race distance that suit his ability, eliminate speed restrictions on NFT Sneakers, helping racers choose a running track that is suitable for each person's ability.
Race track 1.2km (Speed limit 1-6 km/h)
Race track 2km (Speed limit 4-10 km/h)
Race track 3.2km (Speed limit 8-20 km/h)
Race track 3.4km (Speed limit 1-20 km/h)
The winner is the person who finishes fastest but does not exceed the specific speed of track.
A User can only join one room at the time. When participating in marathon, users need 6 energy to reguster befor 12 hours for the system to arrange into the group.
Winners will receive a large pre-determined reward in RUNGEM, those who do not win but complete the race will receive a reward equivalent to 6 energy running Work Out in Indoor Mode.
Some cases where you don't get RUNGEM:
Quit midway.
Not join when the marathon starts.
Unable to complete the route within the allotted time.
The prize will be RUNGEM and will be given to everyone like Workout Mode - Indoor; and only Top 3 people receive double of the number of earned Tokens and some bonus RUNGEM based on number of races in that track. And have to wait until the end of the race to fix the Sneakers.
2. Monthly Marathon (21km)
The same as the Weekly Marathon, but the Race will be held on the first Saturday of the month.
3. Quarterly Marathon (42km)
The same as the Weekly Marathon, but the Race will be held on the first Saturday of the month.
4.  Yearly Marathon (42km) - Biggest Prize
The same Weekly Marathon, but the race will be held on a pre-announced date.

3.2. Championship
"Championship" is a game mode that allows users to compete with other users in a race without actually running. In the game, the user can use the available items or buy more to gain an advantage in the race.
When participating in this game mode, the players will lose some days of the NFT's lifetime. If the wins, the player will continue to participate in the next round, and the prize for the winner in the predefined mode is a large amount of RUNGEM tokens.
Each user can bring up to 5 items into Championship mode. There are a total of 13 types of items with different users. Strategy is the key factor, luck is what helps more chances to win in this mode.

3.3. Street Run
Runnow.io Street Run is a PvP game mode that allows you to complete 1 vs 1 with other players in the form of Workout Mode. There are no items in this mode to win, but there will be effects to increase your speed in the race, the winner is the one who will have to run to the finish line as fast as possible within the speed limit allowed.
Your NFT will not affect the speed limit in this game mode. At the start of Mode Street Run, 2 players will be free to choose from 4 types of Sneakers the game has to offer (Beginner, Jogger, Runner, and Super Star) to decide the speed limit to the match.
In the game Street Run, the Lifetime of the NFT Sneaker that the user owns will decrease proportionally with the number of participations.
Users are not limited to the number of times to play Street Run in a day.

3.4. Idle Run
Idle Run mode is an option for users who do not have much time but still want to earn. Idle Run allows players to participate in a race similar to Championship mode with a multi-purpose item system.
However, the user will not be able to influence the match. All characters, as well as items that appear, are random. All players need to do is press the start button and watch their characters automatically use the things to gain an advantage in the race. The element of randomness and surprise is what makes this mode interesting.
In the game Idle Run, the Lifetime of the NFT Sneaker that the user owns will decrease proportionally with the number of participations.
Users are not limited to the number of times to play Idle Run in a day.

3.5. Boss Hunter
Boss Hunter will give players the opportunity to win a huge reward. To participate in this game mode, players need to own Javelin. Havelin is completely free to collect through Quests, the Daily Spin feature, or Purchase from the in-game store.
All the user needs to do is use a Javelin to attack the Boss. The rate of successfully killing the Boss in each attack is 0.001%. For each day Boos has not been killed, the system will calculate the Prize to increase the next day's prize.
Note, the success rate of each attack is the same. Attacking 10,000 javelins at the same time is not a guarantee of defeating the Boss, and you can win thousands of RUNGEMs with a single javelin.
In particular, when you win the prize, you will receive 70%, and the remaining 30% in the reward after defeating the Boss will be used by the Runnow team on your behalf for social activities, helping those who are in trouble in life through NFT or Token.
All in full transparency with deep gratitude for this contribution. 

3.6. Pet Hunter

3.7. Treasury Hunter
Treasury Hunter is a game mode that allows you to earn rewards through the treasure hunt mechanism.
Players will proceed to explore each part of the treasure map to find the rewards hidden within. Rewards in this game mode will appear randomly, including RUNGEM tokens, RUNNOW tokens,  items in Championship, and items participating in Boss Hunter,...

3.8. Top Ranking
The Top Ranking racing mechanism will help find the best users of the week and month. There are many categories for users to compete in and maintain their position on the leaderboard.
The achievements and stats of users when participating in Workout Mode or PvP game modes (Championship, Mara Runnow, Idle Run, Street Run, etc.) will be kept on the Top Ranking. The users who lead the categories for the week, month, and season, will receive a valuable reward.

3.9. Quest
Besides participating in Workout Mode and PvP modes, do not forget to complete the Daily Quest system and other special Quest to receive unexpected rewards.
The missions will be highly diverse. From as simple as "login" to as tricky as winning three times in Championship mode. Runnow's mission and reward system promise to provide players with exciting moments.

3.10. Daily & Weekly Spin
1. Daily Spin
Users can collect Daily Spin tickers by completing quests in Runnow or buying from the in-app store. 
Users will receive random rewards when using tickers to participate in Daily Spin, including RUNGEM tokens, Championship participation items, or Boiss Hunter participating items
2. Weekly Spin
When participating 5 times in the Daily Spin during the week, the user will receive a special ticket that takes place once a week.
With 1,000 participants, the Weekly be launched, and the lucky player will be found. Weekly Spin's reward will be 1 NFT Mini NFT Sneaker.
If there are not enough 1,000 participants, the Weekly Spin will not occur. Tickets to the Weekly Spin will be refunded to the player for the next week's use.

IV. "X" To Earn

1. Punch To Earn (Boxing Mode)
Besides running, boxing is the next sport to appear in Runnow.io through the Punch To Earn game mode.
Combining AR & VR technology, players can compete in boxing with people worldwide through the phone screen or virtual reality glasses Oculus.
Players will take turns attacking and defending. To win and earn RUNGEM tokens in the mode, players need to skillfully judge the opponent's attack direction to come up with the most reasonable defense and the best attack to deceive the opponent.

2. Sleep To Earn
Runnow.io is the pioneer in combining with smartwatch brands around the world. This combination helps Runnow.io measure the player's health status through indicators.
With the Sleep To Earn feature, Runnow.io can easily measure your sleep quality. If the sleep meets the standards, you will receive a reward token, RUNGEM.
This breakthrough made helps users earn money by taking care of their sleep.

3. Collect To Earn
Collect To Earn is a feature that uses AR technology, opening a vast world and allowing users to collect valuable items.
The first application of this feature is Pet Hunter Mode. The user will collect pet eggs and take care of owning NFT Pet. In the future, more items will appear on the user's journey.

4. Fitness To Earn
To encourage users worldwide to exercise, Runnow.io cooperates with famous Fitness brands to launch NFT exercise cards.
Users will be more motivated to practice using Runnow.io's NFT exercise card. If you complete all the training sessions during the week, the user will receive a reward of RUNGEM tokens.

5. Shopping To Earn
The Shopping To Earn feature will combine with famous brands worldwide to sell real-life items on the Runnow.io Marketplace. The buyer both owns the actual product and is the NFT of that brand at the same time.
Players can practice in Workout regularly from newly purchased NFT to earn RUNGEM tokens.

6. Ride & Drive To Earn
If you are a bike, go to work all day by car for a long distance, and want to join Runnow.io, then Ride To Earn/ Drive To Earn is the game for you.
NFT Car and NFT Bike will have higher speed limits, suitable for all movement of players.
This game mode will hep you maximize the ability to earn during the day without just depending on running.

7. Swim To Earn
Swim To Earn game mode will be the choice of users who love to conquer the "Green Track."
The cooperation with intelligent watch brands, Runnow.io can easily measure the user's activity parameters while swimming. The corresponding amount of RUNGEM tokens will be returned to the user.

